# assignment2
Tamagotchi app 2

The app i have make is my own recreation of the yet popular Tamagotchi game. A Tamagotchi pet is a small handheld digital game made for children and teenagers. The Tamagotchi pets were most popular in the late 1990s and early 2000s. A Tamagotchi pet would need care just like real pet it would need to be fed, played with, and trained. If the Tamagotchi pet was not fed after in a while it would become hungry and the owner would need to feed it multiple times a day. If the Tamagotchi pet wasn't fed it would die. The Tamagotchi pet would also develop from being a baby to a child to a teenager then to a fully grown adult. Although my app doesn't have as many features as the beloved Tamagotchi pets I believe it is still a good starting point for my coding journey. My Tamagotchi app features a bird named "Ari" as the main and only character in the game. Ari will be your own personal pet. unfortunately Ari is only a static image of a bird but i hope Ari's friendly face will give you comfort in you everyday life. to take care of Ari you will need to feed, clean and play with Ari. To start the game you will need to press the play button and then press one of the three buttons to choose an action to do to Ari. once one of the three buttons are pressed a message will popup and one of Ari's display bars will refill to tell you that you have fed, cleaned or played with Ari. This app is a native android app made in the Kotlin language. This app is made for Android version 14 yet it is compatible with other versions of android. For a short video on how to use the app please see https://youtu.be/RB7ERxc6dR8 .
